Runtime 6.0.3 release notes (#1378)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

To upgrade Astro Runtime, see [Upgrade Astro Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md). For general product release notes, see [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro Runtime 6.0.3

- Release date: October 24, 2022
- Airflow version: 2.4.2

> ### Airflow 2.4.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Airflow 2.4.2
```

> Astro Runtime 6.0.3 includes same-day support for Airflow 2.4.2.

Author: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime 6.0.3 includes same-day support for Airflow 2.4.2. Some changes in Airflow 2.4.2 include:
```

> Astro Runtime 6.0.2 includes same-day support for Airflow 2.4.2, which includes a collection of bug fixes. Fixes include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime 6.0.2 includes same-day support for Airflow 2.4.2 and the following bug fixes:
```

- Handle mapped tasks in task duration chart ([#26722](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/26722))
- Make tracebacks opt-in ([#27059](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/27059)

> 

Author: I think the last edit I made removed some of the context from this list. We are just highlighting a few changes in 2.4.2 that might be of interest to people reading the notes. Tried to make that more clear in the preceding sentence.

For a complete list of commits, see the [Apache Airflow 2.4.2 release notes](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/release_notes.html#airflow-2-4-2-2022-10-23.

### Additional improvements  

> - Upgraded `openlineage-airflow` to 0.15.1, which is a dedicated Airflow development environment. You can now create and test changes to custom OpenLineage extractors in an Airflow environment without needing to rebuild your Docker images. For more information, see the [OpenLineage changelog](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

Author: ```suggestion
- Upgraded `openlineage-airflow` to 0.15.1, which includes a dedicated Airflow development environment. You can now create and test changes to custom OpenLineage extractors in an Airflow environment without needing to rebuild your Docker images. For more information, see the [OpenLineage changelog](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).
```

> - Upgraded `openlineage-airflow` to 0.15.1, which aa dedicated development environment for Airflow. You can now continually make and test changes to custom OpenLineage extractors in an Airflow environment without needing to rebuild your Docker images. For more information, see the [OpenLineage changelog](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

Reviewer 2: aa?

> - Upgraded `openlineage-airflow` to 0.15.1, which aa dedicated development environment for Airflow. You can now continually make and test changes to custom OpenLineage extractors in an Airflow environment without needing to rebuild your Docker images. For more information, see the [OpenLineage changelog](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded `openlineage-airflow` to 0.15.1, which is a dedicated Airflow development environment. You can now create and test changes to custom OpenLineage extractors in an Airflow environment without needing to rebuild your Docker images. For more information, see the [OpenLineage changelog](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).
```
